desktop section revamp (#39)
cryptomator/docs: source/desktop/password-and-recovery-key.rst

Password And Recovery Key
=========================

This section explains how to change a password for a vault, show its recovery key, and reset a password.
But, before that let's understand how Cryptomator encrypts a vault using a password and what is a recovery key.
The security of your vault is only as good as it's password because Cryptomator encrypts your vault using a key derived from your password.
So, :ref:`choosing a strong password <security/best-practices/good-passwords>` is very important.

Additionally an unique *recovery key* can be derived for each vault while creating it's password or later.
A *recovery key* allows you to create a new password if you forget the original one.
Do note that the *recovery key* feature does not break encryption in any way.
It is a human readable form of your decrypted :ref:`masterkey <security/architecture/masterkey-derivation>` and therefore independent of the current vault password and highly confidential.
Keep it as safe as your password.

All actions can be carried out using the ``Password`` tab under vault options.

> You can access it by selecting a vault, lock it if necessary and click on ``Vault Options``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can access it by selecting a vault, lock it if necessary, and click on ``Vault Options``.
```

Change Password
---------------

To change the password of an existing vault, you need to know it's current one or have a recovery key (see reset password section).

> Navigate to the ``Vault options`` -> ``Password`` tab, and click on ``Change Password``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Navigate to the ``Vault Options`` -> ``Password`` tab, and click on ``Change Password``.
```

    
    If you like to encrypt your vault files with a new, stronger password, you need to create a new vault and drag the data from the old to the new one. Make sure to wipe all backups of the old vault afterwards.

.. _desktop/password-and-recovery-key/show-recovery-key:

Show Recovery Key
-----------------

You can derive a recovery key during vault creation or even later as long as you know your vault's password.
To increase security, Cryptomator does not store the recovery key on your hard drive and always derives it on the fly.

.. warning::

    A recovery key can reset a vault's current password. 
    So, treat it like a password and ensure only trusted people have access to it.

To derive a recovery key:

1. Navigate to the ``Password`` tab under ``Vault Options``
2. Click on ``Display Recovery Key``.
3. Enter the vault's password.

> A new window will open displaying a sequence of words (i.e. the recovery key).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A new window will open displaying a sequence of words (i.e., the recovery key).
```

You can copy it to your clipboard and store it in a secure password manager or print it on a paper.

.. _desktop/password-and-recovery-key/reset-password:

Reset Password
--------------

We cannot reset the password of a vault for you in any way. Only you can reset a vault's password, assuming you have it's recovery key. Keep it ready before you proceed.

1. Navigate to the ``Password`` tab under vault options.
2. Click on ``Recover Password``.

Type or paste your recovery key in the new window.

.. note::

    Cryptomator offers an auto completion feature to make things easier when typing a recovery key. It's helpful if your recovery key is printed on paper or stored it somewhere where you cannot copy it. The feature will kick in automatically once you start typing the first few letters of a word.

.. image:: ../img/desktop/recoverykey-recover-enter.png
    :alt: Autocompletion during recovery key entry

If the recovery key is valid, a small message will be displayed below the entered recovery key and the ``Next`` button will be activated.

.. image:: ../img/desktop/recoverykey-recover-valid.png
    :alt: A valid recovery key has been entered

.. warning::

>     By design, *any* valid recovery key is accepted, but that does not mean *any* valid recovery key can reset the vault's password correctly. **A valid but incorrect key will make your old data inaccessible.** If that's the case, you can make it accessible by re-running the recovery mechanism with the vaild and correct recovery key.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    By design, *only* the correct recovery key is accepted. **A valid but incorrect key won't be accepted to prevent your old data from becoming inaccessible.**
```

This was improved in https://github.com/cryptomator/cryptomator/pull/2686.
